ENH: Add KBOMirrorHE and add y axis to KBOMirror status (#949)
pcdshub/pcdsdevices: docs/source/upcoming_release_notes/949-kbo-fixes.rst

949 kbo-fixes
#################

API Changes
-----------
- N/A

Features
--------
- N/A

Device Updates
--------------

> Flow/Pressure sensor hardware added to MR2K4 KBO. 
> Update software for readbacks.                                        
> 
> Added KBOMirrorHE class
> Added Y axis to KBOMirror status
> New Devices
> -----------
> - N/A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Y axis to KBOMirror status.

New Devices
-----------
- Added KBOMirrorHE class to be used with KBOMirrors with cooling, like MR2K4 KBO.
```

Bugfixes
--------
- N/A

Maintenance
-----------
- N/A

Contributors
------------

> Nick Waters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- nrwslac
```

Author: fixed
